Add: Headless Testing (#2071)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/111-qa-headless-testing/readme.md

> # Qa headless testing
> Headless testing is when end-to-end tests are preformed without loading the browser's user interface. Since the browser operates as a typical browser would, but does not make use of the user interface, it is considered highly suitable for automated testing.
> 
> A few example cases where one may use headless browser testing include:
> - Automation of HTML event responses, such as form submission, keyboard events, mouse-clicking, and etc.
> - Web scraping
> - Generating screenshots of webpages
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Headless Testing

Headless testing is when end-to-end tests are performed without loading the browser's user interface. Since the browser operates as a typical browser would but does not make use of the user interface, it is considered highly suitable for automated testing.

A few example cases where one may use headless browser testing include:

- Automating HTML event responses, such as form submission, keyboard events, mouse-clicking, etc.
- Web scraping
- Generating screenshots of webpages
```
